In this video.
We're going to work on our first test right here.
So we need to somehow make a request or a post request specifically to API tickets.
And we're just going to make sure that we get back a status code that is not a 404.
Why would we not want a 404?
Well, if we open up our Apt's file, you might recall that inside of here, when we copy pasted all
that code over from our service, we had previously put together this root handler right here, this
catch all root handler.
So if we ever got a request coming into our application on any method to any root that we did not somehow
recognize, we were going to immediately throw a not found error and that results in a404 status code
being sent back to whoever made the request.
So if we could somehow make a request or a post request to API tickets and then inspect the response
code or the status code and make sure it's not a 404, that would be a pretty good way of implementing
this test right here.
So let's give that a shot.
I'm going to write out.
Response is a wait.
We'll make a request to our app.
I want to make specifically a post request to API slash tickets.
I'm going to send along an empty object.
So eventually we're going to require that we send along a title and a price and so on.
But right now we can just send some empty request because all we really care about is that we don't
get a 400 for if we get back a status code of, say, 400, which is an invalid request.
That's fine.
I just want to make sure that, well, we get something besides a 404.
So now to somehow get the status code back and make an assertion about it, we can take a look at this
response right here.
So the response is going to have a status code property assigned to it, and that's going to be the
status code of the response we got sent back so we can write out an expectation and look at that status
I'll put in response dot status.
Now.
I'm going to expect that to not.
Two equal 404.
Okay.
I'll save this.
I'm going to go back over to my terminal and let's see how we're doing.
So it looks like that test is failing.
That's good.
That means that right now we are getting a 404.
So now we can start to create that root handler.
And as soon as we define it and send back some other kind of response, like maybe a 400 or 200, whatever
else, then that test should pass.
So let's give that a shot.
I'm going to find my roots directory.
Inside of roots.
I'm going to make a new file called New Dots.
So this new file is going to be responsible for creating a handler to create a new ticket.
To create this fruit handler at the very top.
We're going to add in a couple of imports.
So I'm going to import.
Express.
I'm going to import the request and response types from Express.
I'll then create a router using express dot router.
On the router.
I'll tell it to expect a post request to API tickets and then I'll put in my actual route handling function.
I'll put in my arguments of rec and I will annotate that as type request and rez and annotate that as
type response.
Then inside of here we can put together for right now just some implementation that will make this test
pass.
So all we really care about right now is sending back something that is not a status code of 404.
So I'll simply do a RESEND status, which is how we send back just a status code by itself of how about
200.
Then at the very bottom, I'm going to export the router.
And remember, in all those other root files we had done back inside our service, we had renamed this
router variable because we were going to eventually have many different routers created and in use inside
of our APTs file.
So I'm going to rename this thing on the fly and call it as rate ticket router.
The only reason I'm not calling it new ticket router is that someone might kind of misread this and
think that it's new ticket router as in trying to create an object out of ticket router.
So I'm going to simply call it create instead.
Okay.
I'm going to save the file.
I'm going to go back over to my app file.
Remember, after creating the router, we have to import it into this file and then wire it up to our
express application.
So at the very top, I'm going to import.
Create ticket router from.
Roots new.
Then right after our cookie session middleware I will wired this thing up so app use and we're going
to tell it to use free ticket router.
Okay.
Let's save this.
I'm going to go back over my terminal.
And now, in theory, our test should be passing.
Yep.
It looks like it is.
Well, it's definitely a good step forward.
Okay.
So let's take a pause right here.
When we come back, the next video.
We'll move on to our second, third, fourth and so on tests.